Instructions for Revising Take Home Midterm Exam

1. Be mindful of feedback in the .pdf file returned to you.
    Major issues included using outside sources, organization, an arguable thesis, or playing it too safe. 
2. Turn in the revised exam no later than 7:00pm on April 29. Email the revised file to Kim.
3. Your grade may increase no more than 1 full letter grade. Your grade will not decrease
Organization
If you have comment “organization issues”- utilize a reverse outline –take each paragraph with the topic sentence to see what argument your building

Revisions:

(Part 1: Thesis Statement-Intro, arguable statement.)

Part 2: Use of sources- Croutons, are jarring and doesn't fit. No context, no analysis. over rely on the source to make
an arguement. Know when to quote and when to paraphrase.  Language is very specific is when you quote.  Paraphrase
when you can.  Use an introductory clause like "according to"  Don't let the quoting do the work for you, explain how
it is relevant to the arguement.  Contextualize and analyze.

(Part 3: Organization:)

Global-

Paragraph- one topic threw a topic sentence, evidence
transition in between needed to switch topics, outline what the relationship is between topics, adding contrasting
build your argument
reverse outline, pull out topic sentence then get a new outline for your arugment.




1. Thesis statements:
        A thesis is always an argument. It also serves as a roadmap for the whole paper. Thesis statements can
        have multiple subpoints. In the paper, these should be organized as indicated in the introduction. Thesis 
        statements should be in the introduction paragraph. They should be explicit and succinct.

2. Using Sources

3. Organization
- Global organization
    + thesis
    + follow roadmap laid out by thesis and intro paragraph

- Paragraph organization
    + one subject / topic each
    + topic sentence
    + evidence
    + transitions in between
    + reverse outline

First sentence- Topic sentence
Evidence- building an argument
Transitions 
Flow from paragraph to paragraph and building an argument
Specific evidence
